hey guys indented one here again sorry
it's been so long since I've done a
video I've been kind of busy with the
holidays and stuff and I've actually had
a couple people message me about
building them some custom guns you can
see this is a new one to my collection
the Tokyo morir aughh I got a really
really cheap which is why I have it
personally I think they're kind of an
ugly gun as you can see i'm starting to
do some stuff with it throwing around
ideas in my mind trying to make this
thing look better but i did get a
request from a guy to build agolast kit
for him like this one only he wanted it
to be pretty much dead on via the Ryoga
let's so it's taking me a little longer
the handguard it's got the rounded edges
minor a straight on that and then I
actually rounded this part of it like
the real one and put these notches in
here which is where the bipod folds to
so anyways that's the start of it no but
I wanted to show you guys the G 96 I
finally got around to painting it the
colors look a little brighter on the
video then they do in in real life but
anyways here you guys go I can also say
this is the first time I have ever
painted any kind of pattern on a gun
before I've sprayed you know solid
colors before on them but have never
tried anything especially like a camel
paint job before so for a first attempt
I don't think this turned out too bad
you guys can tell me what you think you
know just let me know what you would
have done different if there's anything
and what you think of the overall the
look of the gun I built this little
suppressor for the front of it right now
I still want to go back and make that
actual flash hider I seen like I said I
just haven't had time to do anything
lately what I like just got this painted
tonight in fact so but anyways comment
thanks for watching guys I appreciate
you guys subscribing and you know
checking on my videos
there will be more coming down the road
like said let me know what you think is
G 90g 96 here done did do some internal
stuff to it I guess for your real quick
I put a 603 type bar in it and I
installed an R hop which is the first
time I've ever done an R hop amazing
results guys if you've never used one I
can't believe the range i'm easily
getting 300 feet out of this gun now
which is this phenomenal and i'm
shooting point 40s out of it so you
obviously you have to use a pretty
heavyweight BB with an r hop but i am
just blown away by the results of it the
other thing i'm going to do to this is
i'm going to convert it to an HPA system
hopefully that'll be this coming in
january that's my project anyways here
you guys go the g 96 custom paint job
comment message thanks a lot guys